h1. AD::LDAP

A small wrapper to Net::LDAP to provide some extended functionality and utility.

h2. Description

AD::LDAP is a small wrapper to the Net::LDAP library. Net::LDAP provides a nice low-level interface
for interacting with an LDAP server. AD::LDAP simply wraps that interface and provides some
extended functionality through:

* Built-in logging of any communication with the LDAP server
* Easier use of net-ldap's search

h2. Installation

    gem install ad-ldap

h2. Usage

TODO

h2. License

Copyright (c) 2011 Collin Redding, and Team Insight

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person
obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation
files (the "Software"), to deal in the Software without
restriction, including without limitation the rights to use,
copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the
Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following
conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be
included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND,
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES
OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND
NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT
HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY,
WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING
FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR
OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.